It is indispensable for teenagers leaving their parents and makes their own life independently. Parents are responsible for their teenager to adapt to adult life before they jump into the real adult world. I couldn't agree more with the statement that encouraging their teenager to get involved in moonlighting is an effective access for parents to help.

Firstly, assignments and acquirements in a part-time job teach the teenager being responsible. It is a shared sense that no one will pay for other's fault. Under this crucial discipline, teenagers are pushing forward to face the challenges and taking on responsibilities alone. Take myself as an example, working in a restaurant as a part-time waitress several years ago has an impressive influence on me. In order to avoid mistakes which always incur crucial blame, I had to remind myself to be careful all the time. No one would pay for the pain because efficiency and effective is overwhelming the sympathy in the workplace, individuals should take responsibility for their own.

Secondly, making one's own needs meet by taking a part-time job is beneficial for the formation of monetary view. As children with the financial support of their parent, realizing the difficulties in earning a fortune is unrealistic. No wonder it is frequently reported that some teenagers show off in school and spend a lot of money without limitation. Once they tasted the bitterness of earning their living, teenagers would be appreciated about their present life and form a right attitude toward money,so that they will be more adaptive when they begin with adult life.

Thirdly, taking a part-time job can be a preparation for their future career in their adulthood. Being waiters in restaurants may promote their communication skills and be friendly to others; being a receptionist, they learn how to improve their conversing techniques and comfort consulters with patience¡­¡­Naturally, accumuating profetional skills through part-time jobs indicates a better chance of happiness later on. So part-time job, undoubtedly, makes it possible for teenagers to improve the expertise and experience skills which give rise to more joy that makes their later life much more release.

Admittedly, there are plenty of other different kinds method parents can use. Encouraging teenages get into a part-time job is one of the best ways for in some extent to benefit teenages forming the sense of responsibility, value of fortune as well as improving professional skills.
