Today¡¯s economy is diverse and full of opportunities. While there are people that are able to study a subject or skill and then upon graduation jump right into their career, more and more people are choosing a less traditional path to their careers. Before starting their careers, they try many different kinds of jobs. I believe having many different kinds of jobs helps establish the foundation of success in their future careers.
The most compelling reason that recent graduates nowadays are choosing to work on many different kinds of jobs is that it helps them to figure out what they truly want to do. People are realizing that if you find a career you love, you will not have to work a day in your life. In the long run, this is a very smart move. If people take the time to test out some different kinds of jobs, they will know which one is the job they want to do for the rest of their lives. I know some people in older generations that always talk about how they did not have the option in their career. They always explain how they started teaching or nursing just because that was the best option. They are not satisfied with their careers and with regret that they could not choose the best career. Taking various kinds of jobs helps the young workers determine their future careers.
In addition, gaining experience with different kinds of jobs helps make people more competitive. When companies hire employees, they look for applicants that have diverse backgrounds and a range of experience. That is a practical business sense, since a man with many different kinds of experiences can be expected to do many different kinds of jobs. For example, an information technology company can¡¯t just hire staffs know about computers. They must hire people who are familiar with the content. If a company is responsible for creating an educational database for history teachers, having an employee who has prior experience in education and history is the most valuable. By holding different kinds of jobs before starting a career, a person can be more competitive in the job market.
Once you start your career, holding a diverse background will help you accomplish more in your job. For example, my father first worked as a waiter before he became a writer for an advertisement agency. One of his first accounts was for the restaurant TGIF. My father used his experience as a waiter as inspiration for the advertisement campaign they ran. This restaurant was so pleased with my father¡¯s work that they signed an exclusive contract with his company. Soon after that, my father was promoted and later went on to become the youngest manager of the creative department in the history of this advertising agency. Using knowledge from past jobs gives you the perspective to rise quickly in your career.
Holding many different jobs before starting your career is a nifty thing to do. Building your resume with a range of jobs helps you decide which career is the best choice for you. Various experiences not only help you be more competitive than other job applicants. But they also help you be a more valuable and resourceful employee.
